XML parser in Grok parser (#7852)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/parsing.md

| `decodeuricomponent`                                           | Decodes URI components. For instance, it transforms `%2Fservice%2Ftest` into `/service/test`.                                                              |
| `lowercase`                                                    | Returns the lower-cased string.                                                                                                                            |
| `uppercase`                                                    | Returns the upper-cased string.                                                                                                                            |
| `keyvalue([separatorStr[, characterWhiteList[, quotingStr[, delimiter]]]])` | Extracts key value pattern and returns a JSON object. [See key-value Filter examples](#key-value-or-logfmt).                                                         |

> | `xml`                                                    |  Parses properly formatted XML. [See xml Filter examples](#xml).                                                                                          |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `xml`                                                    |  Parses properly formatted XML. [See XML filter examples](#xml).                                                                                          |  
```

* If you define a *keyvalue* filter on a `data` object, and this filter is not matched, then an empty JSON `{}` is returned (e.g. input: `key:=valueStr`, parsing rule: `rule_test %{data::keyvalue("=")}`, output: `{}`).
* Defining `""` as `quotingStr` keeps the default configuration for quoting.

### Parsing XML

> The xml parser transforms xml formated message into JSON. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XML parser transforms XML formatted messages into JSON. 
```

**Log:**

```text
<bookstore>  
  <book category="COOKING">  
    <title lang="en">Everyday Italian</title>  
    <author>Giada De Laurentiis</author>  
    <year>2005</year>  
  </book>  
  <book category="CHILDREN">  
    <title lang="en">Harry Potter</title>  
    <author>J K. Rowling</author>  
    <year>2005</year>  
  </book>
</bookstore> 
```

**Rule:**

```text
rule %{data::xml}
```

**Result:**

  ```json
  {
  "bookstore": {
    "book": [
      {
        "year": "2005",
        "author": "Giada De Laurentiis",
        "category": "COOKING",
        "title": {
          "lang": "en",
          "value": "Everyday Italian"
        }
      },
      {
        "year": "2005",
        "author": "J K. Rowling",
        "category": "CHILDREN",
        "title": {
          "lang": "en",
          "value": "Harry Potter"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
  ```

**Note**:

> * If the xml contains tags which have both an attribute and a sting value between the two tags, a `value` attribute is generated. ex: `<item attr="Attribute">Item</item>` will be converted as `{"item": {"attr": "Attribute", "value": "Item" } }`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the XML contains tags that have both an attribute and a sting value between the two tags, a `value` attribute is generated. For example: `<item attr="Attribute">Item</item>` is converted as `{"item": {"attr": "Attribute", "value": "Item" } }`
```

> * Reapeated tags are automatically converted in arrays. ex: `<root><item>Item 1</item><item>Item 2</item></root>` will be converted as `{ "root": { "item": [ "Item 1", "Item 2" ] } }`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Repeated tags are automatically converted to arrays. For example: `<root><item>Item 1</item><item>Item 2</item></root>` is converted as `{ "root": { "item": [ "Item 1", "Item 2" ] } }`
```
